Allow sending a raw webxdc status update (#4386)
deltachat/deltachat-core-rust: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- jsonrpc: `ChatListItemFetchResult` gets new properties: `summary_preview_image`, `last_message_type` and `last_message_id`

> - New rust only API to send a StatusUpdateItem struct.

Reviewer: maybe be more explicit here, so the reader of the changelog does not need to search for the name of that added API
```suggestion
- New rust API `send_webxdc_status_update_struct` to send a `StatusUpdateItem`
```
